Food is Just the Beginning
We are students’ home away from home.

We start with a diverse and delicious menu with the freshest ingredients from local farms and finish it off with a sense of community and an environment perfect for socialization and studying. Our 3 dining commons—Segundo, Tercero and Cuarto—have the mission to provide a dining experience that is the least stressful and most enjoyable part of our students’ day.

Our team is dedicated to creating new menu items, hearing feedback and incorporating it. We have an allergy-friendly platform and options for those with dietary and religious restrictions so you know that you are taken care of when you dine with us. Our theme meal nights, like Sci-Fi Night, are a fun variation with a customized menu and cool decorations. You aren’t just getting a delicious and nutritious meal with us but also making positive memories with friends and roommates that will last a lifetime.

Eating at the DC: How It Works
Dining commons are the primary location where residence hall residents eat, but they are also are open to the campus community and the public. Meal plans provide access to all three dining commons. Paying at the door is an option for those without a meal plan.

Meal plans may be used at any DC. For residence hall and The Green residents, this means they may eat at any DC regardless of where they live; this gives residents the option to eat at a DC closest to where their next class is or where their friends or study partners are.

Once inside the DC, you can stay as long as you want—ten minutes or even hours—and you may choose to eat any of the dishes offered.
In fact, DC meals are all-you-care-to-eat. There is no charge for each dish.
Want something without meat? Or unsure about an ingredient? Just ask! We’re happy to help.
You can also try a taste before grabbing a whole plate to see if you’ll like it.
We know you love our food, but you must consume all food within the DC facility, with one exception. You may take one piece of fruit or one dessert with you when you leave to enjoy later.
Menu
An online menu for the dining commons is published weekly. Refer to the menu to see which dishes will be offered each day. Dishes are also displayed at the entrance of the DC during each meal.

A variety of meals are served every day, including:

Vegetarian and vegan dishes
Pastas and pizza
Sautéed dishes
Grilled meat and meat-alternative options
Mongolian BBQ
Cereal, toast and muffins
A full, fresh salad bar
An assortment of beverages including several milk and soy drinks, coffee, tea, hot chocolate, juice, infused-water and soda
Dishes free of all major allergens are served from our Bistro platform at Segundo DC and Tercero DC
Special Dietary Accommodations
Do you need accommodations for food allergies or a health condition? If you live in the residence halls, you can request a dietary accommodation based on your medical needs. Student Housing & Dining Services provides reasonable accommodations to residents with disabilities. Accommodations are given consideration upon request and on a case-by-case basis.

To request a dietary accommodation, and for more information, please visit the Accessible Housing and Dining webpage.

We're Hungry for Feedback
Your feedback matters, and we encourage you to share your valued thoughts with us. Whether you have suggestions, praise, or specific requests, we're all ears! Email us at diningfeedback@ucdavis.edu to make your voice heard and help shape the dining choices we offer.