Segundo Residence Hall 
Fourteen residence hall buildings (Alder, Bixby, Gilmore, Malcolm, Miller, Regan, Ryerson, Thompson), the Segundo Services Center, and the Segundo Dining Commons make up the Segundo Area, which is located on the northwest corner of the central campus. Approximately 1,600 residents call Segundo home each year.

The Segundo Services Center (SSC) provides academic guidance and peer tutoring resources. The Area Service Desk is located in the SSC, as are resident mailboxes, study spaces, a recreation room, and a second-floor outdoor green space. Student Housing administrative, dining, and facilities staff are located at the SSC.

Dining

The Segundo Dining Commons is located on the southwest side of the Segundo Area, just north of The ARC and Parking Lot 25. Segundo DC is open to all residence hall students and is open during the same meal periods as Tercero DC and Cuarto DC. Segundo residents typically eat most of their meals at the Segundo DC due to its central location, though all residence hall students may eat in any of the three DCs for any meal.

Segundo Market is the Segundo area's convenience store. Residents can purchase drinks, snacks and more at Segundo Market throughout the day and evening, and relax on the outdoor patio. The Segundo Market also features fresh-baked cookies and ice cream - and yes, that means milk shakes too!

Services

Services in Segundo are provided at the Segundo Services Center. Opened in 2011, the center is home to the Area Service Desk, Residential Academic Center, area mailboxes, a games/recreation room, and lots of study space.

Advantages to Living in Segundo

Cannot decide which housing area is best? Remember that all housing areas are equitable and complete with everything a resident needs for growth and success. Then review the following list to see which features help differentiate Segundo from the other housing areas.

Adjacent to the Activities and Recreation Center (The ARC)
Near the Student Health and Wellness Center
Close proximity to the Recreation Pool, and basketball and tennis courts
Sports fields are located nearby
Short walk to several campus computer labs
The Bookstore, Memorial Union, and Quad are a short walk or bike ride away
Closest of the three residence hall areas to most plant science, enology, math, psychology and social science and humanities buildings
Several acres of manicured lawns and shade trees
Very close proximity to community shopping

Tercero

With fifteen residence halls (Campbell, Cottonwood, Currant, Hawthorn, Kearny, Laben, Live Oak, Madrone, Mahogany, Pine, Potter, Redwood, Scrub Oak, Sequoia, Wall), Olive Hall with its amazing kitchen and shared space, and the Tercero Services Center, the Tercero residence hall area is perhaps the most centrally located housing area on campus—situated on the southwest corner of the central campus. Tercero is home to about 3500 students each academic year.

The Tercero has various features available to students such as a music room and wellness room in Cottonwood Hall, community resource buildings such as Wall Main and Olive Main, as well as the Scrub Oak Auditorium, which is sometimes used as a classroom space by professors on campus.

The grounds are beautifully landscaped with several lawns that can be used to throw around a ball, play frisbee or just to relax in the sun.

Dining

The Tercero Dining Commons is on the second floor of the Tercero Services Center, which is located in the center of the Tercero residence hall area. Tercero DC is open to all residence hall students and is open during the same meal periods as Segundo DC and Cuarto DC. Tercero residents typically eat most of their meals at the Tercero DC due to its central location, though all residence hall students may eat in any of the three DCs for any meal.

Tercero Market is the Tercero area's convenience store. Residents can purchase drinks, snacks and more at Tercero Market throughout the day and evening, and relax on the outdoor patio.

Services

Services in Tercero are provided at the Tercero Services Center. The Area Service Desk is located on the first floor of the center, on the northeast side of the building. The Residential Academic Center is located across from the mailboxes and Package Center. Multiple lounges and lots of study space are also available in the center.

Advantages to Living in Tercero

Cannot decide which housing area is best? Remember that all housing areas are equitable and complete with everything a resident needs for growth and success. Then review the following list to see which features help differentiate Tercero from the other housing areas.

Close to engineering, chemistry, physics, biology and avian science facilities
Short walk to several campus computer labs
Close proximity to central campus, including the Shields Library
Near the Arboretum’s many trails, plants, birds and waterways
The Activities and Recreation Center (The ARC) and the Recreation Pool are a short bike ride away
The Silo Union with its restaurants, including the The Gunrock, are two blocks away

Cuarto
Three residence halls (Shasta, Tahoe, Yosemite) and the Cuarto Dining Commons make up the Cuarto Area. Located one block northwest of the Segundo Area and the northwest corner of campus, Cuarto is home to approximately 1,400 students. Cuarto residence halls are designed around outdoor courtyard areas.
Dining

The Cuarto Dining Commons, which is open to all residence hall students, is next to Yosemite Hall, on the east side of Oxford Circle. Typically, most Cuarto residents eat breakfast and dinner at the Cuarto DC, and eat lunch in other campus locations including the Segundo DC, Tercero DC, Latitude and Spokes Grill, based on their class schedules.

The Cuarto Residential Market, Cuarto's convenience store, is next door to the Cuarto DC. Residents can purchase drinks, snacks and more at Cuarto Market throughout the day and evening.

Services

The Cuarto Area Service Desk and mailboxes are on the first floor of Yosemite Hall. The Residential Academic Center is on the first floor of Shasta Hall.

Advantages to Living in Cuarto

Can't decide which housing area is best? Remember that all housing areas are equitable and complete with everything a resident needs for growth and success. Then review the following list to see which features help differentiate Cuarto from the other housing areas.

Private outdoor courtyards
Tahoe Hall features a fenced and gated bike parking lot
Close proximity to campus, and even closer proximity to community shopping
The Activities and Recreation Center (The ARC) and the Recreation Pool are a short bike ride away

Key Things to Know:
- Most freshmen live in Segundo or Tercero
- All dorms require meal plans
- Bike is essential for getting around campus
- Apply for housing early - it fills up fast

