SOURCE: https://biology.ucdavis.edu/

UC Davis College of Biological Sciences
Skip to main content
Explore Our Research
Majors
Advising
Apply
News
Events
Give
New BIO123 Series Trains Students in Modern Science
Recent articles
A Pint-Sized Gene Editor Could Expand Precision Breeding in Plants
by
Liana Wait
February 20, 2026
Plant Biology
Gene editing has enormous potential to help feed the world’s growing population, but it’s currently difficult, time-consuming, and only works in some plant species. A big part of the problem is CRISPR/Cas9’s size: it’s too large to be delivered into plant cells.
Mirror Image Pheromones Help Beetles Swipe Right
by
Andy Fell
February 19, 2026
Molecular & Cellular Biology
There are many ways to communicate with prospective romantic partners: If you are a Japanese scarab beetle, it’s a matter of distinguishing left from right. New work from U.S. and Chinese scientists, published this week in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, shows how these beetles use mirror-image pheromones to find a mate. The work could lead to better monitoring and control of significant agricultural pests.
From the Dean: Much Still Ahead
by
Mark Winey
February 17, 2026
Campus & Community
While there are many achievements and accomplishments still ahead of us this year, some have happened already. Researchers in the Department of Plant Biology received a
$5 million Gates Foundation grant
to support the expansion of self-cloning crops from rice to other staple foods in areas where availability of high-yield seeds is either unreliable or expensive.
Whale Tale: How the UC Davis Beaked Whale Found its Way to Campus
by
Kate Washington
February 10, 2026
Evolution & Ecology
Campus & Community
Long ago, on a faraway Aleutian island, a pair of rare beaked whales got stranded. One was saved by biologists and swam back out to sea. The other perished and its skeleton now hangs inland, thousands of miles from home.
Michele Igo to Step Down as Associate Dean of Undergraduate Programs
by
Kate Washington
February 09, 2026
Campus & Community
Ask students in the College of Biological Sciences (CBS) who the associate dean of undergraduate programs is, and odds are many wouldn’t know. But the behind-the-scenes impact Michele Igo has made on their experience is profound.
More articles
Explore
Experiential Learning
Conducting research as an undergraduate can help present classroom concepts in a new light.
Dive in!
Grow
Graduate Education
Collaborative programs foster connections across campus for a truly interdisciplinary education.
Take a look
We're celebrating two decades!
Follow Us
Why Study in CBS?
Upcoming Events
IGG Graduate Group Seminars: Suma Shankar
Feb 23, 2026
1022 Green Hall
Distinguished Speakers in Oncology Series: Yibin Kang
Feb 24, 2026
UC Davis Comprehensive Cancer Center's Goodnight Auditorium, Zoom
PLB Graduate Group Tuesday Seminar: Sarif Morningstar
Feb 24, 2026
1022 Green Hall
Joint Seminars in Molecular Biology: Autism-Linked Genes Disrupt Dynamic Protein Interaction Networks that Mediate Neuronal Homeostasis
Feb 24, 2026
1022 Green Hall
CPB Tuesday Seminar: Peter Coggan
Feb 24, 2026
1022 Green Hall
More
Dean's Bulletin
Rankings and Distinctions
Take a Virtual Tour!
Biome Newsletter