SOURCE: https://campusrecreation.ucdavis.edu/

Home | Campus Recreation
Skip to main content
Go Offline for Spring Break
Join Outdoor Adventures in Joshua Tree for a week of adventure!
LEARN MORE
ARC Hours
Aquatics
Craft Center
Equestrian Center
Living Well
Outdoor Adventures
Rec Sports
Sport Clubs
UC DAVIS MARCHING BAND
All Access Group Exercise
Active Campus Recreation members may take as many group exercise classes as they'd like each quarter with a GX Pass! It's just $45 per quarter or $95 for the academic year.
Get a GX Pass
Student Employment
From the ARC to the Equestrian Center, the department of Campus Recreation employs students in 9 different program areas and we likely have a
job
that's perfect for you.
Apply today
!
Just Keep Swimming
The Rec Pool is open for lap swimming, rec swimming and more!
View Hours
Find Your Rec Sport
Make new friends and find a favorite sport by joining a Rec Sports team. All levels of players are welcome!
Learn More
WELL-BEING FEE WAIVER
Apply here
to get help paying for Campus Rec classes and programs.
Safety Courses
Learn more
about Campus Recreation's Free Safety Courses.
Room to Create
The Craft Center is open for classes and studio space. Check out the schedules and register for a class today!
View Details
CAMPUS REC YOUTUBE CHANNEL
Check out all of our exercise tips on
our channel
.
Outdoor Rentals
Planning a summer adventure? Outdoor Adventures can outfit you with everything you need for your trip at reasonable prices! Reserve your gear at the OA Rental Center.
Rent Gear
Esports are Back
Keep an eye on our lineup of esports each quarter—you can play as a free agent or register as a team with friends!
Learn More
Upcoming Events
Body Composition Testing and Trainer Drop in hours
Jan 5 - Mar 12, 2026
Studio E
Winter Gymnastics Lessons Available
Jan 5 - Mar 2, 2026
Lower Hickey Gymnasium
Aquatics Hiring
Jan 6 - Mar 15, 2026
UC Davis Rec Pool
Winter Tennis Lessons Now Availabe
Jan 7 - Mar 13, 2026
Marya Welch Tennis Center UC Davis
Archery Lessons Available Winter Quarter
Jan 11 - Mar 8, 2026
Howard Field
See all Events
Recent Articles
Student Spotlight — Outdoor Adventures
by
Abby DeLa'O
January 09, 2026
Student Spotlight: Learning, Leading, and Connecting Through Outdoor Adventures
Outdoor Adventures, aka OA within the UCD lingo, a program within UC Davis Campus Recreation offers students more than just time outside with a good view. It creates opportunities for leadership, growth, and meaningful connections. For Sonya, Mihika, and Miles, working with Outdoor Adventures has shaped their college experience in unique and memorable ways.
Student Development Spotlight
by
Olivia Raxter
January 02, 2026
Behind the scenes of one of the busiest buildings on campus, Marilee Lopez plays a vital role as a Building Supervisor at the Activities and Recreation Center (ARC). Each day, the ARC welcomes an average of 3,000 users, many of whom consider it a second home. For Marilee and other Member Services student employees, the ARC truly becomes a home away from home, a place where strong friendships are built and extend well beyond the workplace.
See all articles
You Belong Here
Student Affairs programs and services are open to all, consistent with state and federal law as well as the University of California’s nondiscrimination policies. Every initiative—whether a student service or community event—is designed to be accessible, inclusive and respectful of all identities. To learn more, visit
UC Nondiscrimination Statement
or
Nondiscrimination Policy Statement for University of California Publications Regarding Student-Related Matters
.