SOURCE: https://ucdavis.edu/academics

Academics | UC Davis
Skip to main content
Academics
Do your best
work here
We want to help you thrive. Our university offers more than 100 majors, summer programs, undergraduate research and academic support systems. Together, we’ll go beyond what’s expected.
Search our degrees
View admission statistics
Image
Top ranked academics
Ranked 1st in the nation in agriculture and forestry
Ranked 1st in the nation in veterinary medicine
Ranked 11th best university in America, by value
Ranked 9th nationally among public universities
Colleges
that collaborate
Our four academic colleges invest in educating the next generation of leaders as much as they invest in cutting-edge research. The colleges of Letters and Science, Agriculture and Environmental Sciences, Biological Sciences, and Engineering collaborate to make real-world impacts that span disciplines.
Image
View our colleges and schools
Image
We’ll
support you
Whether you have questions about your research, your studies or your future career, we have advisors on campus to guide you.
The Davis difference
Custom Image
Academic Advising
Custom Image
Peer Advising
Custom Image
Advising Centers
Custom Image
International Center
Academic facts
UC Davis has 104 majors and 101 programs available.
UC Davis received $941 million in research funding in 2019-2020.
The undergraduate to faculty ratio at UC Davis is 20:1.
Recent alumni earn a median annual salary of $56,300, and experienced alumni earn $94,600.
Study
anywhere
Our Global Learning Hub supports more than 1,300 students each year in studying abroad in more than 30 countries. They also help students find global experiences through internships, jobs, research and learning programs on campus, in the region, and across all seven continents.
Find global opportunities
Image
Spaces to help you grow
We continually update our campus buildings so that students and faculty have access to the best spaces and equipment available. We have also added  these spaces to our residence halls and common areas. Wherever you are there is always someone to help.
Image
Our libraries
Teaching and Learning Center
Graduate Center
International Center
Ann E. Pitzer Center
Activites and Recreation Center