SOURCE: https://success.ucdavis.edu/

Student Life | Student Affairs
Skip to main content
Student Life
Student Life, Campus Community, and Retention Services, often shortened to "Student Life," encompasses a wide range of programs and services that serve our large and diverse undergraduate and graduate student body. We serve the campus community through our focused and intentional work with students as they pursue their degrees. Our approach is holistic and student-centered, resulting in successful graduation and preparation for the next phase of opportunities for their lives.
Communities and Retention
A great first step toward creating a supportive circle of friends, mentors and allies within the larger UC Davis community is to visit community and retention centers and programs. Whether you’re new to campus or a continuing student, we offer welcoming spaces that both affirm and provide opportunities to explore intersecting identities. All students are welcome in these spaces and can stop by to get academic support, find out about student organizations, be social or just chill.
Learn more about our community and retention resources
or click on the specific resource below.
Lotus Mana Center
Center for the Educational Opportunity Program
Guardian Scholars Program
The Nest
Student Recruitment and Retention Center
Undocumented Student Resource Center
Center for African Diaspora Student Success
Center for Student Involvement
LGBTQIA Resource Center
Services for International Students and Scholars
Transfer and Reentry Center
Veterans Success Center
El Centro
Cross Cultural Center
Middle Eastern North African and South Asian (MENASA) Resource Center
Student Parents
Underground Scholars Program
Women’s Resources and Research Center
Student Organizations
Get involved and build community through meaningful co-curricular engagement with our 750+ Registered Student Organizations. Whether you’re looking for social or academic clubs, professional organizations or sorority and fraternity life, you’ll find it here. If you’re a student org leader, the
Center for Student Involvement
also help with funding, event planning, leadership development, organizational growth group management, Student Life Impact Awards oversight and more.
Center for Student Involvement
Sorority and Fraternity Life
Student Life Impact Awards
ASUCD
The
Associated Students, University of California, Davis, (ASUCD)
improves the quality of campus life by providing resources and services to cultivate a culture of involvement and student leadership.
ASUCD
First Year Aggie Connections
First-Year Aggie Connections (FYAC)
is a fun and interactive program for all new freshmen, transfer and international students. "Connections" are small groups based around a shared purpose, interest or theme and meet regularly for one academic quarter. This program aims to foster fun experiences that empower students to navigate their first year at UC Davis.
First Year Aggie Connections
Free Speech
As a public university, UC Davis is governed by the same laws as any government body. That means that all members of our community enjoy the protections of the First Amendment. This freedom is essential. Learn about the First Amendment at a public institution, how to exercise your rights within campus policies and ways to get support.
Free Speech
Student Funding Opportunities
The Division of Student Affairs offers
several funds
that assist current UC Davis students with paying for activities and initiatives that advance the division’s mission and enhance the university experience for UC Davis students.
Student Funds
You Belong Here
Student Affairs programs and services are open to all, consistent with state and federal law as well as the University of California’s nondiscrimination policies. Every initiative—whether a student service or community event—is designed to be accessible, inclusive and respectful of all identities. To learn more, visit
UC Nondiscrimination Statement
or
Nondiscrimination Policy Statement for University of California Publications Regarding Student-Related Matters
.