SOURCE: https://housing.ucdavis.edu/

Home | UC Davis Student Housing and Dining Services
Housing at
UC Davis
Dining at
UC Davis
Come Tour With Us
Now Accepting Applications for Orchard Park!
Welcome, New Aggies!
Housing Program for Incoming Freshmen
Guaranteed Housing!
All incoming freshmen are guaranteed housing* in our on-campus residence halls!
*Exclusions apply. Please review the guaranteed housing webpage for eligibility requirements.
Live on campus!
Freshmen live on-campus in one of our residence halls!
All residence halls are near classes, dining halls and campus recreation. Many residence halls are LEED certified!
Learn how to apply!
Applying is easy! Fill out an online form, tell us your housing preferences, and submit.
Be sure to consider our Living-Learning Communities when you apply!
Learn More About Our Freshman Students Program
Housing Program for Incoming Transfer Students
Guaranteed Housing!
All incoming transfers are guaranteed two years of housing*  on campus!
*Exclusions apply. Please review the guaranteed housing webpage for eligibility requirements.
Live on campus!
Most transfers live in The Green at West Village campus apartments!
The Green is located in our renowned West Village neighborhood. The Green is LEED certified!
Learn how to apply!
Applying is easy! Fill out an online form, tell us your housing preferences, and submit.
Be sure to consider adding one of our dining commons meal plans when you apply!
Learn More About Our Transfer Students Program
You Belong Here
Student Affairs programs and services are open to all, consistent with state and federal law as well as the University of California’s nondiscrimination policies. Every initiative—whether a student service or community event—is designed to be accessible, inclusive and respectful of all identities. To learn more, visit
UC Nondiscrimination Statement
or
Nondiscrimination Policy Statement for University of California Publications Regarding Student-Related Matters
.
Copyright © The Regents of the University of California, Davis campus, 2007-2026. All Rights Reserved.
Best viewed using modern browsers including: Firefox, Chrome, Safari or Internet Explorer 9+
Privacy and Accessibility
Last Updated
: October 08 2025 22:36:27.
Follow @ucdavishousing
on Instagram
Follow @ucdavisdiningservices
on Instagram
Quick Links
Announcements
Apply for Housing
Calendar
Search
Site Index
Kronos
CA Food Orders
Reaching the Residents
About Us
Contact Us
About
Maps
History
Sustainability
Employment
Webmaster
Our Newsletters
The Aggie Reader
The Davis Dish (Dining Events and Specials)
Sustainability Newsletter
Our Partner Websites
Conference Housing
UC Davis Orientation
Get Legal
Campus Resources
UC Davis Homepage
UC Davis Admissions
University Registrar
Financial Aid
Colleges and Schools
Majors
Athletics
Student Life
Campus Computing