SOURCE: https://safetyservices.ucdavis.edu/

Safety Services
Skip to main content
Emergencies:
Dial 911
Report a Safety Incident or Concern
Who Do I Call?
Ride Safe
All wheels, all the time
Learn more
We help maintain a safe and healthy campus environment through education, risk management, and resources for personal, workplace and lab safety
Latest News
Managing Containers Previously Holding Hazardous Materials
by
Alyssa M. Hua, Laboratory Safety Supervisor
January 12, 2026
While it is tempting to reuse manufacturer containers once you have depleted the hazardous material inside, it is important to understand and follow proper regulatory requirements for managing your “empty” containers.
SafetyNet 138: Portable Torch Safety Update
by
Julia Means
January 12, 2026
While the core purpose of this resource remains the same—preventing injury when using portable torches—this updated version includes new visual aids and expanded detail to help users better understand portable torch safety.
Safety Services Updates: Revised SafetyNets and Training Changes
December 15, 2025
Safety Services has updated multiple SafetyNets and issued new guidance to help departments better manage safety risks, meet training requirements, and protect personnel across campus operations, laboratories, and field work.
Donations for Citations
November 05, 2025
Nov. 12 - 21: This program lets students and employees donate qualified food and essential items to The Pantry instead of paying an eligible parking citation or invoice fee.
View all news articles
Wildfire Season Weather Impacts
Prepare for potential summer-weather impacts to operations, research, teaching and employee well-being
Learn More
Youth Protection Program
Registration for youth programs helps ensure our commitment to the safety and protection of minors
Learn More
Feb. 3: COVID-19 Guidance has Changed
COVID-19 regulations changed on Feb. 3, 2025.
Learn More
WarnMe Alert Service
Register for WarnMe
Get timely information and instructions during emergencies with the campus
WarnMe
notification system
Learn more
Read More
SafetyNets
Training