SOURCE: https://unitrans.ucdavis.edu/

Home | ASUCD Unitrans
Skip to main content
Today's Service Status
test
Welcome to Unitrans
How can we help you?
Find Routes
Arrival Predictions
Routes
Fares
News
About
Let us help you plan your trip
View Route
Latest News
ZipPass Retiring on June 30
by
Jeffrey J Flynn
January 07, 2026
Do you use ZipPass to buy Unitrans passes and ride the bus including the UC Davis undergraduate bus pass?
You may see a ZipPass pop-up message that states the last day to add fare is February 1, 2026 and the last day to use your passes is April 30.
This message only applies to Sacramento Regional Transit riders at this time
.
More Morning Service in West Village!
by
Jeffrey J Flynn
January 05, 2026
Starting Monday, January 5, the VX and VL lines will operate every 15 minutes between 6:55 AM and 11:00 AM. This means two extra buses an hour operating through West Village when demand is highest. Regular V line service resumes at 11:00 AM and the VL and VX operate every 30 minutes each after 11:00 AM.
Unitrans will operate the higher level of service for at least the first three weeks of winter quarter and reassess service levels based on passenger demand in Week 4.
Davis Joint Unified School District Routes Start on August 25!
by
Jeffrey J Flynn
August 07, 2025
The Unitrans T line and special P line to Harper Junior High School start on Monday, August 25, 2025. Below are links to schedules in English and Spanish. These routes are focused on school bell times but are open to the general public. Youth 18 and under may ride Unitrans fare-free by showing a valid school issued student ID card, a valid digital Davis Senior High School ID, or any valid Unitrans bus pass or fare including the free Unitrans Youth Pass.
View all news articles
Other Languages
English
Español
中文
Non-Discrimination, Title VI Civil Rights, & ADA Notice
Unitrans, as a recipient of Federal Transit Administration funds, is committed to providing quality transit service to all customers and follows all federal non-discrimination rules and regulations, including Title VI of the Civil Rights Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, and Equal Employment Opportunity program. No person shall, on the grounds of race, color, national origin, religion, gender identity, gender expression, actual or perceived sexual orientation, age, or ability, be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of, or be subjected to discrimination under any program or activity operated by Unitrans.
Click for more Non-Discrimination & Title VI info & how to file a complaint
Click for more info regarding Americans with Disabilities Act