SOURCE: https://housing.ucdavis.edu/undergraduate

Error 404 | UC Davis Student Housing and Dining Services
The page you're looking for can't be found.
(In geek speak, that's Error Code 404 Not Found)
We're rolling out our new website and are migrating the remainder of our content. We apologize that the page you are looking for is still being imported.
If you need information quickly, please call our main office at 530-752-2033 or email us at
studenthousing@ucdavis.edu
and we'll get back to you as quickly as we can.
We're very excited to bring this new web experience to you, and expect to finish the migration by winter quarter. Thank you for your patience while we finish preparing our website for you.
You Belong Here
Student Affairs programs and services are open to all, consistent with state and federal law as well as the University of California’s nondiscrimination policies. Every initiative—whether a student service or community event—is designed to be accessible, inclusive and respectful of all identities. To learn more, visit
UC Nondiscrimination Statement
or
Nondiscrimination Policy Statement for University of California Publications Regarding Student-Related Matters
.
Copyright © The Regents of the University of California, Davis campus, 2007-2026. All Rights Reserved.
Best viewed using modern browsers including: Firefox, Chrome, Safari or Internet Explorer 9+
Privacy and Accessibility
Last Updated
: April 07 2019 14:00:23.
Follow @ucdavishousing
on Instagram
Follow @ucdavisdiningservices
on Instagram
Quick Links
Announcements
Apply for Housing
Calendar
Search
Site Index
Kronos
CA Food Orders
Reaching the Residents
About Us
Contact Us
About
Maps
History
Sustainability
Employment
Webmaster
Our Newsletters
The Aggie Reader
The Davis Dish (Dining Events and Specials)
Sustainability Newsletter
Our Partner Websites
Conference Housing
UC Davis Orientation
Get Legal
Campus Resources
UC Davis Homepage
UC Davis Admissions
University Registrar
Financial Aid
Colleges and Schools
Majors
Athletics
Student Life
Campus Computing