SOURCE: https://admissions.ucdavis.edu/

Undergraduate Admissions | UC Davis
Skip to main content
Undergraduate Admissions
Watch
more
Majors
Admissions
Cost
Campus life
VISIT
Apply
Grow beyond
your expectations
UC Davis is one of the most prestigious public universities in the world for a reason. The university and the amazing college town of Davis are designed to help you grow beyond even your own expectations.
Sign up for more info
How to get into UC Davis
Image
First-year admission
Take your first steps toward becoming an Aggie!
Image
Transfer admission
Get the information you need to successfully plan your transfer to UC Davis.
Image
International admission
International scholars can learn the requirements for admission and applying to UC Davis.
Image
Our rankings
Ranked 1st in the nation for campus sustainability
Ranked 2nd public university in the nation for graduate financial success
Ranked 9th nationally among public universities
Admission resources
The admission process can be stressful.  UC Davis offers many resources to help you take your first step toward becoming an Aggie.
Image
What can I do with my major?
Admission events
Counselor information
Parent information
Contact Undergraduate Admissions
Find my advisor
Top academics
at an affordable cost
UC Davis ranks second among affordable elite colleges, and the City of Davis offers a low cost of living and numerous discounts to students that make the student experience accessible to all.
Cost and aid
Rankings
Image
Explore UC Davis
Schedule a campus tour
Experience the beauty of campus in person with a student-led tour.
Come visit us
Take a virtual tour
Visit UC Davis from anywhere in the world!
See campus online
Housing
Dining
Campus safety
Student clubs
Athletics
Sustainability
Picture UC Davis
The Memorial Union at UC Davis provides students with several places to eat and study, an information center, resources for food insecurity, a book store, a Veterans Success Center and much more.
There are many places in the Arboretum to study, relax or just take in the view.
The Silo offers many options for food including food trucks, Peet’s Coffee and the newly opened Silo Market.
The Activities and Recreation Center is a 150,000 square foot destination full of ways to stay active.
One of the great UC Davis traditions is the Running of the First-years, where new Aggies run into UC Davis Health Stadium together to show their spirit.
The UC Davis Recreation Pool is open all Spring and is a great chance to get out in the sun.
Students like Akira Hood get first hand experience at the Sheep Barn, where she can apply her skills as an Animal Science major.
The Manetti Shrem Museum offers students and the public a place to admire famous artworks, listen to unique speakers, attend a class or just sit and soak in the creativity.
Picnic Day is a family-friendly event offered each spring where you can experience the richness of diversity and achievement at UC Davis, as well as the surrounding community in areas of research, teaching, service and campus life.
The Quad is a perfect spot on campus to take a nap, hang out with friends or get some studying done as you enjoy the weather and the surroundings.
Hammocks lining the Quad offer students a place to take a nap or just unwind after a busy day.
During homecoming week students have the chance to hitch a ride on a horse drawn carriage!
Greek life at UC Davis offers many opportunities to expand your social horizons.
UC Davis has a multitude of comfortable and quiet study lounges throughout campus.
UC Davis loves school spirit. We have many traditions that allow our students to show their Aggie Pride!
Follow us