SOURCE: https://sdc.ucdavis.edu/

Student Disability Center
Skip to main content
Covid Reporting
Welcome to the Student Disability Center - Good to Go!
Who We Are and What We Do
The Student Disability Center (SDC) is the campus unit designated to receive requests for accommodation, approve services, and coordinate support for students with disabilities to create equitable access to the University’s educational programs. Learn about the SDC team by
visiting our About page
.
To submit documentation or make a request for services without documentation
, you can use
My SDC Online
by navigating to
https://sdc.ucdavis.edu/studentportal
or by selecting “Portal Links” and then “My SDC Online Student Portal” in the upper right corner of the page. You can also submit documentation or otherwise connect with us via email at
[email protected]
, by fax at 530-752-0161, or via US mail. If submitting documentation by mail, it will expedite the process if you call our office at 530-752-3184 to discuss your needs. Our hours of operation remain Monday – Friday 8:00am-12:00pm and 1:00pm-5:00pm.
SDC Winter Events 2026
The SDC is excited to announce our Winter events 2026.
(Click on this notice for more information.)
If you have any questions on how to attend or what to expect, please reach out to
[email protected]
Please make sure to follow us on Instagram to stay up to date throughout the school year! @ucdavisstudentdisabilitycenter
Seeking your thoughts on creating a safer campus community.
The UC Davis CARE office wants to know your opinion on preventing sexual violence in the disabled community at UC Davis.
Join a Focus Group discussion to help.
There will be $10 gift cards for participation.
(Click on this notice or visit https://bit.ly/disabilityfocusgroup to open the survey.)
CARE center for advocacy, resources & education
Zoom and Assistive Technology
Are you a Student or Faculty and need assistance with Zoom settings or with your assistive technology? All are welcomed to join us via Zoom to address the issues you are experiencing.
Faculty sessions
are Monday through Friday from 12:00 Noon through 1:00 pm.
Student sessions
are Monday through Friday from 4:00 pm. through 5:00pm. https://ucdavis.zoom.us/j/99420559204
(Click on this notice to join the Zoom session.)
Students
Returning, New, and Prospective Students.
Faculty, TAs, & Staff
Information and Support.
Accommodated Exam Services
Examination Delivery.
Alternate Media and Technology Services Request
Make your service request here.
Information for SDC Students
Scholarships, jobs, and opportunities to participate in research for students with disabilities.
Upcoming Events
Faculty Drop-in Hours - Zoom and Assistive Technology
Jan 5 - Mar 20, 2026
https://ucdavis.zoom.us/j/99420559204
Student Drop-in Hours - Zoom and Assistive Technology
Jan 5 - Mar 20, 2026
https://ucdavis.zoom.us/j/99420559204
Fun Friday! + Student Support w/ Boba!
Feb 6, 2026
Memorial Union S. Patio – MU SDC Drop-in Office if it’s freezing or raining!
Pizza and Popcorn Night! + DSU
Feb 6, 2026
SDC 54 Cowell Building or Discord
Valentine’s Day Social Crafts! + ASUCD and Student Support w/ Insomnia Cookies!
Feb 13, 2026
Memorial Union SDC Drop-in Office
More Events
You Belong Here
Student Affairs programs and services are open to all, consistent with state and federal law as well as the University of California’s nondiscrimination policies. Every initiative—whether a student service or community event—is designed to be accessible, inclusive and respectful of all identities. To learn more, visit
UC Nondiscrimination Statement
or
Nondiscrimination Policy Statement for University of California Publications Regarding Student-Related Matters
.