SOURCE: https://psychology.ucdavis.edu/

Home Page | Psychology
Skip to main content
Grad Program
Major/Minor in Psychology
Advising
People
Courses
All Psychology Courses
Psychology Annual Schedule
Research Areas
The UC Davis Department of Psychology contains five major "areas": Biological Psychology, Developmental, Perception-Cognition, Quantitative and Social-Personality. Boundaries between the areas are fluid, and students are encouraged to take seminars in all five.
Biological Psychology
Developmental Psychology
Perception, Cognition and Cognitive Neurscience
Quantitative Psychology
Social and Personality Psychology
Latest News
Professor Bales Appointed Director of the California National Primate Research Center
by
Brian C. Trainor
January 26, 2026
Karen Bales, a professor in the Departments of Psychology and of Neurobiology, Physiology and Behavior at UC Davis, has been named director of the California National Primate Research Center. She has served as interim director of CNPRC since January 2024. Learn more
here
.
UCD Alumna Dr. Wendi Williams Named APA President
by
Brian C. Trainor
January 07, 2026
Wendi S. Williams, Ph.D., a UC Davis undergraduate alumna in psychology, will be the next president of the American Psychological Association. Learn more about her new position and her career
here
.
Professor Mosely selected as a Hellman Fellow
by
Brian C. Trainor
December 09, 2025
Professor Ariel Mosley has been selected as a Hellman Fellow for new investigators. Her project focuses on Diverse Ideologies on Perceptions of Cultural Appropriation in Interracial Interactions.
Professor Yoneda publishes new work on the impact of sharing happiness on health
by
Brian C. Trainor
December 05, 2025
A new study led by Professor Tiko Yoneda suggests that when older couples experience positive emotions together in everyday life, they have lower levels of the stress hormone cortisol that can cause health problems over time when elevated. The
study was published
in August in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology. Read the full story here.
View all news articles
Rankings
Ranked 11th best Graduate Program in Cognitive Psychology and 9th best in Developmental Psychology
Ranked 12th Best Psychology Program in North America
Ranked 18th best Psychology Graduate Program in the United States, and 24th best in the World
Featured Faculty Ariel Mosley
Assistant Professor, Ariel Mosley, named 2022-23 CAMPSSAH Scholar