SOURCE: https://economics.ucdavis.edu/

Economics at UC Davis
Skip to main content
Welcome to the U.C. Davis Department of Economics
Alt. Text: A professor speaking to students in a classroom setting at the UC Davis Department of Economics.
Our
Undergraduate major
is taught almost exclusively by regular full-time professorial faculty and is a U.S. government designated STEM degree. We graduate over 500 Economics majors a year who move on to a wide range of
career paths
. Our
PhD program
includes nine distinct
seminar series
and additional lunch-time seminars.
Our
faculty interests
lie in applications to public policy (such as globalization, migration, the environment, poverty and inequality, education, and macroeconomics) as well as microeconomic theory, behavioral economics, economic history and econometrics. Several faculty are leaders in various U.C. Davis multidisciplinary programs, including the
Global Migration Center
,  the
Center for Poverty and Inequality Research
, and the
Davis Energy Economics Program
. Many faculty are research affiliates of the Boston-based National Bureau of Economic Research.
We are located in northern California, close to the state capital Sacramento, and in reasonable proximity to the San Francisco Bay Area and to Lake Tahoe.
Meet our Job Candidates 2025-2026
Alt. Text: Grid of portrait photos for 2025-2026 Economics Graduate Students
Recruitment
The Department of Economics at the University of California, Davis, seeks temporary instructors to teach in a wide range of fields each academic year.
Click for more information
Upcoming Seminars and Events
"Narratives, Belief Movements, and Economic Fluctuations" Tony Fan (Univ of Alabama)
Feb 23, 2026
Blue Room
Xian Jiang (UCD)
Mar 3, 2026
ARE Library
Juan Carillo (USC)
Mar 9, 2026
Andrews Room, SS&H 2203
Matias Cattaneo (Princeton) "The Honest Truth About Causal Trees: Accuracy Limits for Heterogeneous Treatment Effect Estimation"
Mar 9, 2026
Blue room, Social Sciences & Humanities,1113
Economic History Seminar
Apr 3, 2026
Blue Room
View All Upcoming Seminars and Events
Seminar Calendar
Past Seminars and Events
News
Janine Wilson cited in the Atlantic for her expertise on STEM preparatory education
Professor of Teaching Economics and Undergraduate Program Chair Janine Wilson
cited in the Atlantic
for her expertise on STEM preparatory education.
Marianne Bitler quoted on article about SNAP
Professor of Economics and Department Chair Marianne Bitler was quoted on an
article
about SNAP, the federal food assistance program.
Economics Graduate Students Appointed as Fellows of the National Tax Association
Three graduate students in the economics department (Tatiana Hiller, Francisco Pizzi, and Maria Ines Badín) have been named
National Tax Association
(NTA) fellows. They have received funding to present their research at the NTA annual conference in Boston in November, and their photos and bios have been posted to the NTA website.
Òscar Jordà selected as Fellow of the Econometric Society
Professor of Economics Òscar Jordà has been appointed as Fellow of the
Econometric Society
. Election as a Fellow of the Econometric Society is a recognition of important scientific contributions to Economics.
Professor Marianne Bitler Contributes to National Academies Report on Pathways to Reduce Child Poverty
Professor of Economics and Department Chair Marianne Bitler was a coauthor on a recently released report from the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine.
The
report
("Pathways to Reduce Child Poverty") provides a comprehensive assessment of the temporary tax credit expansions’ impacts as well as alternative policy options to reduce child poverty.
Ina Simonovska appointed to California's Council of Economic Advisors
Associate Professor of Economics Ina Simonovska has been appointed to the Governor’s Council of Economic Advisors for the State of California. Ina Simonovska is an Associate Professor of Economics at the University of California, Davis and Research Associate at the National Bureau of Economic Research. She has research interests in International Trade, Macro and Finance.
Graduate student Denis Sosinsky on Fast Food minimum wage increase
Economics Ph.D. student Denis Sosinsky and U.C. Berkeley Professor Michael Reich find that the recent increase in the fast food restaurant chain worker California minimum hourly wage to $20 had little effect on the price of hamburgers. For the study
click here
Professor Christopher Meissner on Economics Tarriffs
Chris Meissner has a new paper that obtains and analyzes detailed historical data to conclude that the high tarriffs of the late 1800's did little to help the United States become a globally competitive manufacturer. For the paper
click here
. For media mentions
click here
.
Janine Wilson is the 2024 U.C. Davis Outstanding Faculty Advisor
Professor of Teaching Janine Wilson was recognized by the U.C. Davis campus as the 2024 Outstanding Faculty Advisor, an annual award given to only one faculty member (
https://academicadvising.ucdavis.edu/recognition
). The award recognizes her work as Undergraduate Chair in the Department of Economics, and also her contributions to the wider campus community.
Giovanni Peri appointed the C. Bryan Cameron Distinguished Professor in International Economics
Giovanni Peri has been appointed the C. Bryan Cameron Distinguished Professor in International Economics at the
University of California, Davis
. This is in recognition of his outstanding reputation for research on the labor market dynamics of migration and for his teaching and mentorship.